Title: NVDA Stock Quote Price and Forecast | CNN
Content: NVDA NVIDIA Corp. engages in the design and manufacture of computer graphics processors, chipsets, and related multimedia software. It operates through the following segments: Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) and Compute & Networking. The Graphics segment includes GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs, the GeForce NOW game streaming service and related infrastructure, Quadro and NVIDIA RTX GPUs for enterprise workstation graphics, virtual GPU, or vGPU, software for cloud-based visual and virtual computing, automotive platforms for infotainment systems, and Omniverse Enterprise software for building and operating metaverse and 3D internet applications. The Compute & Networking segment consists of Data Center accelerated computing platforms and end-to-end networking platforms including Quantum for InfiniBand and Spectrum for Ethernet, NVIDIA DRIVE automated-driving platform and automotive development agreements, Jetson robotics and other embedded platforms, NVIDIA AI Enterprise and other softwar

Title: NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for Fourth Quarter and Fiscal ...
Content: NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) today reported revenue for the fourth quarter ended January 26, 2025, of $39.3 billion, up 12% from the previous quarter and up 78% from a year ago. For the quarter, GAAP earnings per diluted share was $0.89, up 14% from the previous quarter and up 82% from a year ago. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share was $0.89, up 10% from the previous quarter and up 71% from a year ago. For fiscal 2025, revenue was $130.5 billion, up 114% from a year ago. GAAP earnings per diluted share was $2.94, up 147% from a year ago. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share was $2.99, up 130% from a year ago. “Demand for Blackwell is amazing as reasoning AI adds another scaling law — increasing compute for training makes models smarter and increasing compute for long thinking makes the answer smarter,” said Jensen Huang, founder and CEO of NVIDIA. “We’ve successfully ramped up the massive-scale production of Blackwell AI supercomputers, achieving billions of dollars in sales in its first quar

Title: NVDA Q4 FY 2025 Earnings, Revenue, and Guidance Estimates ...
Content: Discussion on investing in NVDA. First, I am not an equities analyst and the following arguments are those of a retail NVDA stockholder. This perspective is still valuable; other opinions and comments are welcome. TLDR at the bottom. Revenue Estimate:In Q3, NVDA reported non-GAAP EPS of $0.81 on $35.08B of revenue, which “beat expectations” of ~$0.75 EPS and ~ $33.2B. Twenty-four hours after the report's release, the stock was up around 0.5%. In that report, NVDA provided the following guidance for Q4: NVIDIA’s outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025 is as follows: Revenue is expected to be $37.5 billion, plus or minus 2%. 2. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins are expected to be 73.0% and 73.5%, respectively, plus or minus 50 basis points. 3. GAAP and non-GAAP operating expenses are expected to be approximately $4.8 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively. 4. GAAP and non-GAAP other income and expenses are expected to be an income of approximately $400 million, excluding gains and lo