Title: Delta slashes its profit outlook, saying consumers are anxious | CNN ...
Content: Delta Air Lines slashed its earnings forecast in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing Monday, saying consumers are worried about the economy in a sign that uncertainty and economic jitters could change the way Americans are now spending their money. The airline expects 3% to 4% growth year over year, down from an earlier estimate of 7% to 9%. And although it initially expected up to $1 earnings per share, that number is now expected to be only $0.30 to $0.50, according to the filing. “The outlook has been impacted by the recent reduction in consumer and corporate confidence caused by increased macro uncertainty, driving softness in Domestic demand,” the company said in Monday’s filing. Its stock (DAL) tumbled roughly 13% in after-hours trading, part of a steady decline since February. Delta’s warning comes as President Donald Trump’s tariff plans and recession fears have caused US stocks to plunge. In an interview with Fox News on Sunday, Trump said the US economy would see “a p

Title: US inflation cooled in February, but Trump's tariff plans and trade ...
Content: Inflation slowed more than expected in February and cooled for the first time in five months, but that progress may be short lived as President Donald Trump ramps up his trade war, which threatens to increase prices for Americans. The Consumer Price Index, which measures price changes across commonly purchased goods and services, was 2.8% for the 12 months ended in February, a cooldown from the 3% annual rate notched in January, according to data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics released Wednesday. On a monthly basis, prices rose 0.2%, versus 0.5% in January. Economists were expecting inflation to slow for the month amid falling gas prices and continued disinflation in housing-related costs. FactSet consensus estimates called for prices to rise 0.3% from January and 2.9% annually. US stocks rallied Wednesday after the report was released, bouncing back after three weeks of declines. The Dow gained 140 points, or 0.3%, before dropping by around 300 points. The S&P 500 rose by 1.1% in

Title: Earnings Whisper Reveals NVDA's Earnings Secrets
Content: What is an "earnings whisper"? An earnings whisper is a rumor or speculation about a company's upcoming earnings results that is not officially released by the company. These rumors can come from a variety of sources, such as analysts, investors, or even company insiders. Earnings whispers can be very influential, as they can affect the stock price of a company. If a whisper is positive, it can lead to a rise in the stock price. Conversely, if a whisper is negative, it can lead to a decline in the stock price. It is important to note that earnings whispers are not always accurate. In fact, they can often be wrong. However, they can still be useful for investors, as they can provide insights into what the market is expecting from a company. One of the most famous examples of an earnings whisper occurred in 2008. In the lead-up to the release of Apple's quarterly earnings results, there was a whisper that the company would miss its earnings targets. This whisper turned out to be true, an

Title: Delta slashes its profit outlook, saying consumers are anxious | CNN ...
Content: Delta Air Lines slashed its earnings forecast in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing Monday, saying consumers are worried about the economy in a sign that uncertainty and economic jitters could change the way Americans are now spending their money. The airline expects 3% to 4% growth year over year, down from an earlier estimate of 7% to 9%. And although it initially expected up to $1 earnings per share, that number is now expected to be only $0.30 to $0.50, according to the filing. “The outlook has been impacted by the recent reduction in consumer and corporate confidence caused by increased macro uncertainty, driving softness in Domestic demand,” the company said in Monday’s filing. Its stock (DAL) tumbled roughly 13% in after-hours trading, part of a steady decline since February. Delta’s warning comes as President Donald Trump’s tariff plans and recession fears have caused US stocks to plunge. In an interview with Fox News on Sunday, Trump said the US economy would see “a p

Title: 2 AI Chip Stocks to Buy on the Dip
Content: After a great run over the past couple of years, top artificial intelligence (AI) stocks have stumbled out of the gate so far in 2025. High valuations, concerns about the economy (and demand for semiconductors), and the near-term direction of spending on data centers are contributing to negative sentiment for these stocks right now. While the semiconductor industry is cyclical, it has grown for decades, and AI is the catalyst that should lift leading chip stocks higher over the next decade. Dell'Oro Group believes spending on data center infrastructure could surpass $1 trillion in five years. The following stocks are well-positioned to profit from this opportunity. Where to invest $1,000 right now? Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks to buy right now. Learn More » Shares of Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) are down 23% from their recent highs. While the near-term impact of President Donald Trump's tariff policies is still unknown for Nvidia and the broader semi